RHOAIENG-3943 Update Model Registry documentation (#34)
opendatahub-io/architecture-decision-records: architecture/components/model-registry/README.md

<!-- sources:
- "Model Registry Architecture" https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OLqy3ivdPs4Db78VrdnnGVkdPpkNPhJZAdAZkMwqUp0/edit
- "Model Registry Proposal" https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G-pjdGaS2kLELsB5kYk_D4AmH-fTfnCnJOhJ8xENjx0/edit#heading=h.ds8q4xtkmu64
-->

## Introduction

A model registry plays a pivotal role in the lifecycle of AI/ML models, serving as the central repository holding metadata pertaining to machine learning models from inception to deployment. This encompasses both high-level details like deployment environment and project origins, as well as intricate information like training hyperparameters, performance metrics, and deployment events. Acting as a bridge between model experimentation and serving, it offers a secure, collaborative interface of a metadata store for stakeholders involved in the ML lifecycle.

## Model Registry High Level Architecture 
![Model Registry High Level Architecture](./model-registry-overview.jpg)

> [!NOTE]  
> The Model Registry is a passive repository for metadata and is not meant to be a Control Plane. It does not perform any orchestration or expose APIs to perform actions on underlying OpenShift AI components. 

> We envision this to be more of a backing store for various stages of MLOps that can log user flow of a model development and deployment. The model registry will meet a data scientist's need to be able to visualize a model’s lineage and trace back the training executions, parameters, metrics, etc. It will also help deployment engineers visualize model pipeline events, actions, progress through deployment stages, etc. 

Author: ```suggestion
The model registry is a backing store for various stages of MLOps that can log user flow of a model development and deployment. The model registry meets a data scientist's need to be able to visualize a model’s lineage and trace back the training executions, parameters, metrics, etc. It also help deployment engineers visualize model pipeline events, actions, progress through deployment stages, etc. 
```

## Goals 

> - Associate metadata from as training, experimentation, studies and their metrics, with a model

Author: ```suggestion
- Associate metadata from training, experimentation, studies and their metrics, with a model
```

- Build a catalog of models and manage model versions for deployment

> - Management of model to different deployment environments

Author: ```suggestion
- Management of model for multiple deployment environments
```

- Build an open-source solution with vibrant community (Kubeflow)
- Build a Kube Native solution

> - Avoid reinvention unless it is mandatory

Reviewer: since this is the architecture documentation, I would remove lines 24 and 26 above as they are more relevant for community and development

Author: done with https://github.com/opendatahub-io/architecture-decision-records/pull/34/commits/2662f268e63dd739be10889d1e4b1c7295587db6

## Architecture

> Google community project [ML-Metadata](https://github.com/google/ml-metadata) will be used as the core component to build the Model Registry. ML-Metadata provides a very extensible schema that is generic, similar to a key-value store, but also allows for the creation of logical schemas that can be queried as if they were physical schemas. Those can be manipulated using their bindings in the Python library. We intend to use this model to extend and provide metadata storage services for model serving, also known as Model Registry.

Reviewer: s/"will be used"/"is used"? 
s/"we intend to use"/"we use"?

Author: ```suggestion
Google community project [ML-Metadata](https://github.com/google/ml-metadata) is used as the core component to build the Model Registry. ML-Metadata provides a very extensible schema that is generic, similar to a key-value store, but also allows for the creation of logical schemas that can be queried as if they were physical schemas. Those can be manipulated using their bindings in the Python library. We use this model to extend and provide metadata storage services for model serving, also known as Model Registry.
```
